tidb: update autocommit behavior description of pessimistic transactions (#4165)
pingcap/docs: pessimistic-transaction.md

4. After executing `START TRANSACTION WITH CONSISTENT SNAPSHOT`, MySQL can still read the tables that are created later in other transactions, while TiDB cannot.

5. The autocommit transactions prefer the optimistic locking.

>     When using the pessimistic transaction model, the autocommit transactions first commit using the optimistic transaction mode with less overhead. If a write conflict occurs, the autocommit transactions use pessimistic transaction mode when retrying. Thus, if `tidb_retry_limit = 0`, the autocommit transaction still reports the `Write Conflict` error when a write conflict occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When using the pessimistic model, the autocommit transactions first try to commit the statement using the optimistic model that has less overhead. If a write conflict occurs, the pessimistic model is used for transaction retry. Therefore, if `tidb_retry_limit` is set to `0`, the autocommit transaction still reports the `Write Conflict` error when a write conflict occurs.
```

>     The autocommit `SELECT FOR UPDATE` statement does not wait for lock, either.

Reviewer 2: Because it's possible to wait for lock in an autocommit transaction now, we should remove the "either".

>     The autocommit `SELECT FOR UPDATE` statement does not wait for lock, either.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The autocommit `SELECT FOR UPDATE` statement does not wait for lock.
```
